# diSimplicial expositional papers website project

This project contains the papers sub-website for the diSimplex exposition 
website.

# Using _overlay directory

The "main" author, keyword, paper, and workingDraft directories are 
"auto-magically" generated by a combination of lms scripts to publish 
individual papers, as well as the mjekyll build script to propagate the 
information contained in each published paper's Abstract.md file.

This means that the git repository *does* *not* version control the 
contents of the author, keyword, paper or workingDraft directories.

The contents of the _overlay directory *is* version controlled. More 
importantly the mjekyll build command copies the contents of the _overlay 
directory *on* *top* of the base directory of the project.

This means that hand crafted pages can be written in one or more 
subdirectories of the _overlay directory and will appear in the 
corresponding locations in the author, keywork, paper or workingDraft 
directories.

# Licences and Prior Art

The diSimplex expositional website projects individually and collectively 
contain a mixture of exposition, discussion as well as working compilable 
or interpretable code. As such the contents of these projects are licensed 
for use under the dual Creative Commons BY-SA 4.0 license for any non-code 
artefacts, as well as the Apache 2.0 license for any code artefacts.

In addition any and all new patentable ideas contained in the contents of 
any of the diSimplex website projects, are meant to document Prior Art from 
the time they are commited in a publicly accessible version control archive 
(such as, but not restricted to, GitHub).

Finally, both the CC-BY-SA 4.0 License (section 5), and the Apache 2.0 
License (sections 7 and 8) contain Disclaimers of Warranties and 
Limitations of Liability. These disclaimers and limitiations apply either 
singly or collectively to the whole of any diSimplex website project.

For details see the attached

   [Licenses and Prior Art](_LicensesAndPriorArt.md)

